Add guidance for hiding hint text in va-memorable-date (#4786)
department-of-veterans-affairs/vets-design-system-documentation: src/_components/form/memorable-date.md

### Hint text

> *  During workflows where dates of life events, periods of service, and more, come in heavy multiples, the default hint text can be hidden using the `hide-hint-text` attribute.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*  During workflows where dates of life events, periods of service, and more, come in heavy multiples, the default hint text can be hidden using the `remove-date-hint` attribute.
```

It looks like the prop name may differ than what the request provided.
